The feature list is provided below:

    1. To finish the project, we need to accomplish the following:
        a. See the results applied to Virginia Residential for the advanced statistical calculation.
        b. See the results applied to Virginia Residential for the simple linear regression model.
        c. See uplift of one model versus the other model.
        d. Compare against the historical average based model.
        e. Compare against what I was instructed to do at Brevan Howard.
    2. Develop all of the code into rigorous code pathways.
        a. Write tests against all of the relevant code.
    3. Add this code to the relevant APIs.
    4. Add the APIs to the gui code.
        - We can get the GUI code written in parallel to the experimentation.
        - The experimentation may end up taking a while
    5. Create Documentation Describing the different methodologies.
    6. Add forecast estimates also under the different models.
    7. Add analysis of weather data into the models.
        - Compare accuracy of the weather data.
    8. Investigate the ensemble-like techniques.
    9. We can take the approach of making the design modular, so that implementation can occur without
    requiring all the pieces to first be aligned.
    10. Really, all we need to do is develop, the relevant parameter format

     Training  -----------> Develop Parameters -----------------> Inference--------------> Predictions.

     Training to get a high accuracy may take some time to figure out.
     But the rest of the pipeline can and should be implemented while we are experimenting to get the
     Training correct in parallel.


    Additional Questions:
    -----------------------

     How long do we think it will take us to get all of these components lined up.

     I think it could take us 2 days to get a first pass setup for everything.

     We should also look to get feedback from Tony on whether it is worth the time keeping around our competitors
     estimates of Natural Gas Consumption.

        - We can get this packaged and sent over to Tony.

     I think that setting up the entire GUI should not take that long.


As we think more about this, the prediction element will require two stages:
    1. Given weather data and EIA data, create the fit between (1) daily hdd with normal hdd subtracted and (2) eia monthly with eia average subtracted.
    2. This provides us with sensitivity between (1) an hdd and (2) eia, which can then be tapped onto the average eia.
    3. This provides us with EIA monthly values within a certain percentage of like 5%.
    4. The question is how does one form the daily value.
        - One can apply the sensitivity parameter directly to the HDD value.
        - Likewise, one can develop a new fit where (a) the monthly values are fixed, and (b) one re-applies our HDD to Weather
        calculation.
        - Likewise, each day can be viewed as contributing a little EIA value over the EIA Average, which is meant
        to correspond to a little hdd over average HDD on a particular day.
        - Hence, we can likely do this with a day weighted porportionality.
        - Take the average EIA value for the month and take the average EIA monthly value, porportion it
        is out on a daily basis for the month, this delivers an average EIA daily value that when summing up
        the daily values yields the monthly average.
        - We can apply the alpha parameter on the deltas?

    This is the correct method for doing this.
    This requires only training of the delta parameters.
    The delta parameters seem to have provided a good method for doing this.
